[OSDOCS-1136] Updating images-configuration-allowed to remove section of node drain. (#79335)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/images-configuration-allowed.adoc

Either the `allowedRegistries` parameter or the `blockedRegistries` parameter can be set, but not both.
====
+

> The Machine Config Operator (MCO) watches the `image.config.openshift.io/cluster` resource for any changes to the registries. When the MCO detects a change, it triggeres mcp rollout and the allowed registries list is used to update the image signature policy in the `/etc/containers/policy.json` file on each node.

Reviewer: What is "mcp rollout"? This seems like an abbreviation/jargon that we would want to use the full terminology for in docs.

> The Machine Config Operator (MCO) watches the `image.config.openshift.io/cluster` resource for any changes to the registries. When the MCO detects a change, it triggeres rollout on node in Machine Config Pool (MCP) and the allowed registries list is used to update the image signature policy in the `/etc/containers/policy.json` file on each node. Changes to `/etc/containers/policy.json` file does not require the node drain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Machine Config Operator (MCO) watches the `image.config.openshift.io/cluster` resource for any changes to the registries. When the MCO detects a change, it triggers a rollout on nodes in machine config pool (MCP). The allowed registries list is used to update the image signature policy in the `/etc/containers/policy.json` file on each node. Changes to `/etc/containers/policy.json` file does not require the node to drain.
```

> The Machine Config Operator (MCO) watches the `image.config.openshift.io/cluster` resource for any changes to the registries. When the MCO detects a change, it triggers a rollout on nodes in machine config pool (MCP). The allowed registries list is used to update the image signature policy in the `/etc/containers/policy.json` file on each node. Changes to `/etc/containers/policy.json` file does not require the node to drain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Machine Config Operator (MCO) watches the `image.config.openshift.io/cluster` resource for any changes to the registries. When the MCO detects a change, it triggers a rollout on nodes in machine config pool (MCP). The allowed registries list is used to update the image signature policy in the `/etc/containers/policy.json` file on each node. Changes to the `/etc/containers/policy.json` file do not require the node to drain.
```
